Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
My Lord Jesus Christ.
Mercy...
...and the power supported
by your might arm.
Brethren. be
strengthened in the Lord
and in the might of His power.
Put on the armor of God
that you might
withstand the devil.
Take unto you the
helmet of salvation
and the sword of the Spirit.
which is the word of God.
As some of you may
be aware. um...
my brother passed
away this week.
And I... I wanted
to thank all of you
who have been so kind as
to send cards and flowers
and... and even food.
It's greatly appreciated.
Thank you. Father.
Our thoughts are
with you. Father.
God bless you. your brother.
your whole family.
Thank you. Chester.
Good morning. sister.
Hello. Father.
Oh. Sister...
Would you speak
with Mother Superior
about the um...
There is more in
the common room.
if you have a moment.
Maybe I will.
Your Excellency.
Father.
How are you getting on?
Ah. well. you know. I'm. I'm...
Yes.
Blessed are those who mourn.
for they shall be comforted.
This is another transfer?
Hmm. No.
These are psychiatric reports.
This is a very troubled woman.
Yes. That's the problem.
They haven't found
anything abnormal.
The doctors. I mean.
Well. there...
must be something.
Hissing at the
sight of a church?
That's...
How did this come to you?
They've exhausted
all of the medical.
biological theories.
The woman's parish
wishes to attempt a...
solemn sacrament.
A solemn sacrament.
you mean an exorcism?
And...
you would like me to perform it?
No. Some poor other soul
already has that distinction.
Oh. And who is that?
Uh. Theophilus Reisinger.
Capuchin from up
north. I believe.
Forgive me. Your Excellency.
but if the Capuchin has
already been assigned.
why bring this to me?
Well...
they'd like to carry
out the deed here.
Here?
Your Excellency.
if... if this woman
has seen psychiatrists.
then she's. I mean...
clearly...
there must be. uh.
treatment more beneficial
to her than an exorcism.
There are many new remedies
for mental disorders.
I was reading an
article about...
It's all but finalized.
Her address. number
of the transport.
it's right there in the file.
They're expecting your call.
I understand.
And this is most
unusual. Father.
but the woman is desperate.
She's tried everything else.
but she's been suffering
for years. apparently.
We'll speak with the
Reverend Mother tomorrow.
after the morning Mass
[into phone] Yes. your
manager of operations. please.
One moment.
Thank you.
Yes. hello.
My name is Father
Joseph Steiger.
I'm calling from St.
Joseph's Church in Earling.
We have a passenger who needs
transporting from her home in Marathon.
Do you have service
from Marathon?
Yes. we have.
Good.
What's her name?
Her name is Emma Schmidt.
Miss Schmidt has...
a very sensitive condition
that any unwanted
influence could disrupt.
So. she will need a private car.
just her and the driver.
And I would appreciate
your discretion.
Yes. St. Joseph's Church
on Olive Street in Earling.
Members of our church
will be here to greet her.
Thank you.
Good day.
She's asleep.
We'll bring her food
when she's awake.
Thank you. Sister.
I must fetch Father Theophilus.
Oh. are you Father Steiger?
Yes.
Father Theophilus?
Oh. I was just on my way
to the station to meet you.
Oh. well. I was
waiting. And then uh...
I'm so sorry I wasn't
there to greet you.
-No. no.
-I was detained.
No surprise.
The devil will do whatever
it takes to foil our plans.
We must be ready.
Thank you. Sister.
Thank you.
Oh.
-Father Theophilus.
Reverend Mother...
-Welcome.
-Thank you.
Come in. please.
Have a seat.
So. I've been
reading Emma's files.
Yes.
Some very concerning behavior.
And I am not entirely convinced
that the problem
isn't psychological.
Well. the task will be handled
with as little
disruption as possible.
And I thank you.
Reverend Mother.
for allowing us such a safe
space to treat the afflicted.
Thank you.
Mm.
What I need is a team
of three in the room
to assist with restraints.
transitions. shorthand.
Father Steiger will
be taking notes.
keeping an accurate chronology
of manifestations and evidences.
We will start each
evening at sundown
and continue until a
pause is needed at my...
I'm sorry.
Sister?
She... she won't eat.
What's happened. Sister?
I just went in her room
to give her her food
and. um.
she... she reacted violently.
She...
almost hissed like a cat.
I've never heard
anything like it.
I just... I don't know.
I don't know.
Has the food been blessed?
I... I don't... I don't know.
Bring this to the kitchen.
And have Sister
Antonella prepare it.
Maybe just the rice and
beans from the giveaway.
And. um...
tell her not to bless the food.
It's all right.
Thank you. Sister.
Good evening. Emma.
I'm Father Steiger.
I'm the parish priest
here at St. Joseph's.
You'll be seeing
quite a bit of me.
You're very welcome here.
Nice to meet you.
Is it your letters?
Mm-hmm.
They're. uh...
to my mother.
You don't see her often?
No. She... she passed.
I put them on her grave.
I'm so sorry.
Thank you.
Um...
God bless you.
Goodnight. Emma.
Father Steiger.
Good evening. Father.
How are you settling in?
Oh. wonderful.
You have everything you need?
Yes. thank you. I'm fine.
Father. uh.
regarding the restraints
you mentioned.
Um. I feel it might
be safer to. uh.
forego them until
Emma can be examined.
Uh... if her condition is
psychological. I feel...
The problem is
not psychological.
Ninety-nine out of 100 times.
someone contacts the church.
they are assessed. referred
to medical doctors.
And exorcism would
do nothing for them.
This is not that.
Perhaps. uh...
Nevertheless. I have
a childhood friend
who is a medical
doctor in Salem.
He says he can examine
Emma in a week.
I feel we should forego
the restraints until then.
I do believe the restraints
will be necessary.
but if you insist.
Thank you. Father.
Goodnight.
Goodnight. Father.
Emma is not well.
I'm sure that's quite apparent.
She's dehydrated.
malnourished.
tormented.
She suffers on levels
that we ourselves
cannot possibly fathom.
I know this is all unusual.
this aspect of our calling.
It will be like entering
a foreign land to you.
So please. I ask you.
follow my instructions.
to the word.
and expect the unexpected.
Spiritually.
emotionally. physically.
though you may be new to
the ways of the enemy.
the enemy's ways are not new.
They're ancient.
It is important that
we work in unison.
The enemy will lie.
He will draw us into sin.
He will do everything he can
to sow discord amongst us.
We are the Lord's
army in this battle.
We are together by His design
to save one of His children.
And to do that. we must not see
each other as strangers.
For us to be divided.
is for us to fall.
-Are we settled?
-I believe so.
We begin with the Litany.
Holy Mother of God.
Holy Virgin of Virgins.
St. Michael. St. Gabriel.
St. Raphael.
all holy angels and archangels.
St. John the
Baptist. St. Peter.
St. Paul. St. Andrew.
St. James. St. John.
all holy virgins all
holy saints of God.
Intercede for us.
Be merciful...
Spare us. O Lord.
Graciously hear us. O Lord.
From all evil.
deliver us. Oh Lord.
From sudden and
unprovided death...
Deliver us. O Lord.
From the snares of the devil...
From lightning and tempest...
Deliver us. O Lord.
From the scourge
of earthquakes...
Deliver us. O Lord.
From everlasting death...
By The mystery of
your holy incarnation;
By your birth...
Deliver us. O Lord.
By your baptism...
By your holy resurrection...
Deliver us. O Lord.
Our Father who art in heaven.
hallowed be thy name.
thy kingdom come.
thy will be done on
earth as it is in heaven.
Give us this day
our daily bread;
and forgive us our trespasses
as we forgive those who
trespass against us;
and lead us not into temptation.
But deliver us from evil.
That's all for today.
Please return her to bed.
See that she is covered.
It will be cold
this evening. Hmm?
Yes. Father.
Emma? Emma?
Let's get her...
back into bed.
Thank you. Sisters.
Goodnight. Father.
Oh. Sister Rose...
How was it?
Was there any commotion?
It was fine. Sisters.
Oh. that's all... I
mean. sure. we just...
It was fine.
Excuse me.
Psalm 53.
God. by Your name. save me.
and by Your might
defend my cause.
God. hear my prayer;
hearken to the
words of my mouth...
For haughty men have
risen up against me.
and fierce men seek my life.
They set not God
before their eyes.
Save me.
God is my helper.
The Lord sustains my life.
Turn back the evil upon my foes.
In your faithfulness.
destroy them.
Freely will I offer
you sacrifice.
I will praise your name.
Lord in Jesus' name.
Save your servant.
All who trust in you. my God.
Let her find in you. Lord.
a fortified tower.
In the face of the enemy.
Father?
And let the enemy have
no power over her.
And the son of inequity
be powerless to...
Harm her.
Father?
Oh. no. That shouldn't be.
Sisters. please.
Please?
Sisters!
Emma? Back to the
chair. please.
Oh. no.
Please.
Emma! Father?
Please. Emma!
Emma. please.
Emma. no! Father!
Are you going to repent. Father?
Stop!
Are you going to repent?!
Father? Father. please.
-No! Emma...
-Father?
No. Emma!
No. no!
Stop. Emma!
No!
Father. what happened tonight.
it cannot be allowed.
You and I. we have to...
She cannot be permitted
just to grab at a sister...
She must be restrained. Father.
I know this is new territory
for you and the sisters.
My concern about restraining her
-was out of consideration...
-No. no.
we'll ensure it's done safely
for her protection and ours.
Please. I've done this before.
Let the young sister rest.
Another will stand in
her place tomorrow.
It's the only way. Father.
Yeah. I hope you're
right. Father.
Reverend Mother.
Father.
You wanted to see me?
Yes. Emma.
What's happening with her?
Is... is progress occurring or?
Progress. yes. Uh...
That might be a better
question for Father Theophilus.
The medical report states
that a portion of
Sister Rose's scalp
was torn from her head.
It's right here.
Sister.
Hello. Father.
How are you feeling?
Um... Oh. the. um...
doctor in Kirkman today.
he gave me some ointment
and a softer bandage.
Good. May I?
Yes. please.
Sister. I am so sorry. I...
Going forward. she
will be restrained.
Perhaps she should have
been. from the start.
That is my fault.
I can only apologize.
Father. I know that
she is profoundly ill
and not under her own control.
But... despite myself.
I was angry at her.
Asking myself if
God is punishing her
or if she's punishing
us for something.
I don't know.
I've never felt such bitterness.
And I'm ashamed.
Sister. this is a profoundly new
and strange situation
for all of us.
You are entitled
to your feelings
and you have nothing
to be ashamed of.
Um. Father. will you...
Of course.
Thank you. Father.
I hope you continue
to feel better.
Sister?
The sooner we do this.
the sooner it's over.
All right.
I'm hurt.
Let us pray.
God. whose nature is ever
merciful and forgiving.
accept our prayer that
this servant of yours
may be pardoned by
your loving kindness.
Holy Lord. Almighty Father.
everlasting God.
and Father of our
Lord Jesus Christ.
Unnnnnngggg.
Who once and for all consigned
that fallen and apostate tyrant
to the flames of hell.
She's seizing.
Keep her head turned.
Careful. watch her legs...
Father. this is a seizure.
Head towards you.
Stay back.
Therefore. I adjure you
every unclean spirit.
every specter from hell.
every satanic power
in the name of Jesus
Christ of Nazareth
to cease your assaults
against the creature
who He has formed in
his own honor and image.
I command you. unclean spirit.
along with all your minions.
now attacking this
servant of God
by the ascension of
our Lord Jesus Christ
that you tell me by
some sign. your name...
and the day and hour
of your departure.
It places the filth
in the corner.
Speak plainly and answer me now.
All in this room
are full of sin.
Enough distractions!
The Father. the Son.
the Holy Spirit.
Oh. Father...
Father.
I need to speak with you.
What happened this
evening with the ritual...
How could you just...
-How is she...
-No. no. no.
It wasn't her. Father.
-What?
-It wasn't her.
Yes. but the symptoms
she was exhibiting.
it seems to be almost...
almost like an epilepsy.
but there's no record
of this in the files.
Father. our job is to
protect the afflicted
without giving the enemy
any more advantage
than is necessary.
Sometimes that will require
remaining in the dark
about certain things.
There is more to
Heaven and Earth
than is even dreamt
of in our philosophy.”
Hamlet. Shakespeare.
Good night. Father.
When time began.
the Word was there
and the Word was God.
And without Him.
there came to be not one
thing that has come to be.
In Him was life.
and the life was
the light of men.
She needs a bucket.
Fetch a bucket.
Rid yourself of that vile weed.
Who speaks to us?
First. remove the chaplet.
Remove the chaplet!
No one here carries a chaplet.
Bring that to the chapter house.
and then you can return. Sister.
Now who speaks to us?
How is your brother. Father?
Tell me who you are!
He still hanging on by a thread?
Quiet!
Tell me your name!
Your name!
I am Mina.
and if you do that again
you will eternally regret it!
Tell me why have you chosen to
torment this servant of God?
She needs help.
Emma?
Come in.
Sister.
Oh. Uh... Father.
I'm... I'm sorry.
I didn't. um...
No. it's quite all
right. Um... please.
I. uh. I just...
What are these?
Did she do those?
Yes.
"What will you give me
if I deliver him over to you?"
Is that Judas?
Emma?
Ohh!
Oh. fetch. uh. warm clothes.
Not too hot.
And. uh. extra pillows.
Father. what are we doing?
This is getting out
of hand. look at her.
She's in a dire state.
-Yes.
-We are making it worse.
-No.
-There was... a medical doctor
coming to see her on Monday.
Why don't we just
wait until he...
Wait. wait. wait.
That's just what they
want us to do is wait.
But we must continue.
Because if we are inconsistent.
their grasp will
harden like cement.
They'll devour her and
you and me and all of us.
I just think with
her in this state-
Enough!
If you do not want to
participate. Father
I accept your withdrawal.
The enemy will be delighted
with your absence.
Uuuunnngngngngnng...
Emma. Emma.
Emma. poor child.
We're going to soothe you.
Do not fear. for I am with you.
We must begin.
Almighty Lord. Word of God.
the Father of Jesus Christ.
God and Lord of all creation;
who along with the other
mandates to work miracles
was pleased to grant them
the authority to say:
"Depart. you devils!"
And by whose might
Satan was made to fall
from heaven like lightning;
I ask this through
you. Jesus Christ.
the living and the dead
and the world by fire.
Her light will soon
be extinguished.
By Whom is her light
being extinguished?
Satan will soon crush
the God of peace
under your feet.
Cease with your diversions!
And tell me to whom I speak.
I have sinned in
that I have betrayed
the innocent blood.
You are Judas?
Why are you tormenting
this poor soul?
So she rots from the inside
and slaughters
herself like a pig!
You want her to
take her own life.
And who else haunts this woman?
Father...
-Father!
-Silence!
Unclean spirits!
Now haunting this woman.
give me your name!
See the cross of the Lord
and reveal yourself!
Reveal yourself!
The restraint!
-Sister!
Emma! Come!
I can't lift her.
Oh. my hand. my hand!
Emma!
My hand!
All right. enough!
Everybody out now!
Out!
I have uh. a sister
with a torn scalp.
I now somehow have one
with a crushed hand.
Am I to stand by while
she harms another?
What is happening in there?
How are we helping her?
She needs a... a doctor.
medical attention or something.
Do you have trouble
seeing. Father?
Excuse me?
It's clearly you're not seeing
what is happening in there.
what's coming out of this girl.
You're still looking for some...
rational. modern explanation.
This has existed for eternity.
I can see perfectly clearly
that this girl is deteriorating.
And my job here. Father.
is to care for this parish
and those within it.
And I cannot simply sit
there while you drive this...
Your task is to take notes.
You don't understand this.
You don't understand
these devils.
-It's very clear to me.
-What devils are you talking about?
You have your theories.
you have your research.
you have your reports.
but you don't understand
the enemy. You don't.
What if you're wrong?
What if what she really
needs is a doctor?
needs is a psychiatrist?
Trust me. Father.
We are paying a price
for your lack of faith.
-For my lack of faith?
-Yes.
How dare you stand there
and... and say that my doubts
are causing what is
happening to this poor girl!
Because that is exactly
what happened in Redding!
What are you talking about?
What happened in Redding?
The ritual happened there!
I was called to perform it.
Emma and her mother.
they were desperate.
Wait a minute. wait a minute.
You knew Emma as a young girl?
Yes.
You didn't think to tell us?
You didn't think that
might be information
that could be useful to us?
Why is that not in Emma's file?
This is what I'm
talking about. Father.
All these mystical.
cryptic sayings.
You drip-feeding us
information as you see fit.
This has to end. Father. now!
All right. You
want information?
Yes.
I'll give it.
For your sake.
Sit.
Listen to me. Father.
When I first came to Redding.
I had just recently
become an exorcist.
I had felt I had the calling.
but I was unschooled.
I didn't have the tools.
Those assisting me
were uneducated too.
We couldn't cope with
what was happening
but we knew she was possessed.
We abandoned her.
We surrendered her
over to the doctors.
And she herself. like a miracle.
wrote me letters.
said she recovered.
She finished school.
She found a passion
for service. of course.
These devils. these deceivers.
they were biding
their time inside her.
waiting for the perfect moment.
And then it came.
When her mother
died. that gave them
the opportunity to
seize their chance.
Why Emma?
Why would they
snatch her life away?
Why not... somebody else?
Emma is a different
kind of person. Father.
She's a person of
profound sensitivity.
She is touched by
something otherworldly.
And with that kind of
vulnerability. that openness.
any wound like trauma. neglect.
involvement in the dark arts.
everything that she was
exposed to as a child.
that's what allows these
invasions to occur.
To take root.
To degrade you.
To debase you.
And do the same to those
around you Us. Father.
We are the targets too.
Their goal is to make
us give up on God.
I really said too
much to you. Father.
Now even you are susceptible.
So please.
for all our sake.
we must continue.
We cannot abandon
Emma like this.
No.
I abandoned her once. not again.
Emma?
"Amongst the hardships
Emma experienced
were the consistent rumors
and subsequent proof
that her father Jacob and
her mother's sister. Mina
entered into an
illicit relationship
and attempted to
confound Emma using...
witchcraft.
On several occasions.
Jacob and Mina
reportedly fed Emma food
which had been cursed
including fruit. baked
potatoes and tobacco leaves."
Father. there's something
you need to see.
What did you do?
I don't understand
what is happening here.
Whatever this is
that you are doing.
it is failing.
The sisters are traumatized.
No one is sleeping.
Everyone for miles is... is
frightened and suspicious.
I want to shut this down.
I want to shut this
whole thing down.
I will give you one more week.
And if it is not over by then.
this whole whatever
this is must end.
We need to get back to our lives
and leave all of this behind.
I wish it to be over
too. Reverend Mother.
but I'm sure that the devil
does not bend to our calendar.
It will bend or don't bend.
It will not be under this roof.
And I'm moving
Emma to the cellar.
What? The cellar?
Is there even heat down there?
Those rooms have been
out of use for years.
It's done.
She is too dangerous.
too volatile.
This will be better for her.
It's more private
and more secure.
Father. can you
excuse us. please?
I need to talk to the
leader of our parish.
Of course. Reverend Mother.
Father Steiger.
Father. you don't look well.
If I didn't know
better. I would say
that you are losing
control of this situation.
You have invited something
into this community
that no one understands.
And everyone. including
you. is starting to be...
Please. Reverend Mother.
please let me do my job.
This is my parish.
It is my responsibility.
And while I am grateful
for your concern.
I do not need to
be watched over.
Thank you.
Father.
All my life I have been
taking direction from men.
Men who are not as smart as me.
not as disciplined.
and whose piety
pales in comparison
to the women of this convent.
I thought you were different.
But now...
perhaps we do need someone
who can provide the parish
with more stability.
Perhaps you're right.
Reverend Mother.
She's malnourished
and dehydrated.
but I don't see any
infection on the lesions
and the facial
swelling will go down.
She just needs rest.
They're keeping her alive.
They're feeding off her.
There's something
going on inside of her
and it's affecting all of us.
Something is happening
here and she...
I... I... I don't know.
Just get as much food and
water in her as possible
and if you see any signs
of infection. send word.
Take care of yourself. Joe.
There's evil in the church!
Father. you gotta do something!
Great God in Heaven.
that poor poor creature...
Her condition.
is this how it started?
No. no.
When she first
arrived. she was uh.
she was very thin and. uh.
there were scratches.
but nothing....
nothing like this.
And the doctor says there's
no basis for committing her.
Committing her?!
Uh. well. I...
I... I don't know.
Um...
what I do know is that
she continues to worsen
and if we do nothing.
if we... if she receives
no medical attention.
then she is almost
certainly going to...
What?
-Well. almost certainly...
-She's going to what?
She's going to die!
-Okay. Calm down!
The last thing this parish needs
is a priest breaking
down outside.
I know that brother's passing
weighs heavily on you.
but you are the parish
priest and you need to lead.
Yes. Your Excellency.
Good.
Hello. Father
Sister. Please.
I was just preparing
for tonight's ritual.
so Sister Mary can rest.
Preparing?
Can I ask you a question?
Have you ever felt alone?
I just...
I was trying to pray
the Vespers and...
it didn't feel like
anyone was listening.
Well...
I wish I could offer you some...
salient wisdom.
but the truth is...
the truth is...
I don't know what I'm doing.
How is your head?
Uh...
It's fine.
I... I should go.
Holy Lord. Almighty Father.
everlasting God and Father
of our Lord Jesus Christ.
who once and for all consigned
that fallen and apostate
tyrant to the flames of hell.
who sent your only
begotten Son into the world
to crush that roaring lion
Strike terror. Lord. into...
What?!
Father. we have to stop.
-Father. please.
-Please stop.
-What? No!
-Father. we can't.
Father. please.
Fill your servants
with courage to fight
mentally against that
reprobate dragon.
Can you feel her touch. Father?
Her skin against yours?
Next time he tries to fuck you
you better open wide.
you stupid whore!
Almighty Lord.
Word of God the Father
of Jesus Christ.
God and Lord of all creation.
Why are you leaving your
post so soon. Father?
Who gave to your
holy apostles...
There's a little extra rope
for you right up there.
Serpents and scorpions.
Perhaps you can join your
dear departed brother!
Shut up! Shut up!
You don't know what
you're talking about.
I can't take it. Father.
This has to stop. Father.
This has to stop!
-I can't take it anymore!
-Hey! Just get out!
Catch your breath.
I can't take it anymore!
Go!
I humbly call on your holy name.
in fear and trembling.
asking that you grant me
your unworthy servant.
pardon for all my sins...
And the power supported
by your mighty arm.
I... I can't hold...
No. no. no. no. We
have to turn her.
Turn her on her side!
Emma? Emma?
She would be dehydrated.
She needs to
replenish her fluids.
Yes. Father.
She shall bask in
the infernal kingdom
of hell for eternity.
In the name of the
Lord Jesus Christ.
Emma. can you hear me?
Emma. Emma.
Here. sit.
There. it's okay.
Aaaah!
Her suffering shall be
laid at your feet.
How... how did you find us?
If you continue.
your days left on
Earth will be few.
Sister Rose?
Sister Rose!
Father?
Aaaaaaah!
Father Steiger...
Father. I don't know
what's happening.
Why?
Please. come in. Come in.
I'm sorry. I feel like I'm
being drawn into something
and I... I can't eat
I can't sleep. I
can't think. Father.
I can't think. Ohh!
Yeah. Yeah. Sit...
Sit down. Father
And Emma. Father.
Emma. she... she
haunts me. Father.
She haunts me.
How did she know?
How does Emma know
of my brother?
My brother. Father.
He...
He took his own life. Father.
A month ago. he
took his own life.
He was in so much pain
He was in so much pain. Father.
And none of us knew.
None of us knew
until it was too late
and he was crying out
and I couldn't help him
because I was so preoccupied.
I was caught up in myself
in this stupid place.
Please. sit.
Sit.
I'm sorry. Father.
I have no use.
Here. Drink this. It'll help
Thank you. Thank you. Father.
This is the enemy's mission.
to make us doubt ourselves.
God. our purpose on earth.
and most important:
cause us suffering.
I had a sister.
you know. Claire.
Disease was all over Europe.
Cholera. small pox. polio.
I was old enough. I survived.
but many didn't.
After we lost Claire.
all the pain
continued for years.
Bigotry. censorship.
rising fascism
you name it...
Most of my family
succumbed to the turmoil.
It's what brought me here
to this country years ago.
And that's what brought
me to my calling.
Your calling.
You understand. Father?
This grief. all this suffering.
Job's in the desert.
Joan of Arc. yours. mine.
your brother's.
Emma's. everybody's.
It may look bleak.
but these trials.
these temptations.
they fortify us
for a greater good.
To grow into those we
are destined to be.
Our raison d'etre.
Raison d'etre?
Yes.
I thought I was just
supposed to be taking notes.
I'm just making
things worse. Father.
You're not a spectator. Father.
You are a priest.
You must understand your
own importance. please.
Your faith. your
intelligence. your commitment.
I don't understand my faith.
Remember. Father.
Emma had no one.
No parish wanted
any part of her.
They wouldn't touch her.
Yet you... and the
Reverend Mother
and the sisters. you
all accepted this task
like great warriors.
Because when the word
of the Lord is spoken
through us. with
commitment and passion.
even Satan must listen.
Like Saint Michael
defending the glory
of God in battle.
It's the most powerful
weapon we have.
I found a Saint
Michael medallion
in my brother's things.
I was... looking through
them the other night.
My brother's name was Michael.
Ah!
What?
Hmm?
So I. uh.
I wrote this letter...
before I came.
Would you place it
on my mother's grave
in Redding.
please?
-You will place it there
yourself. not me. Emma.
You're holding on
too tight. Father.
I won't hear of it. Emma.
It's too deep.
Please.
I owe it to you.
I owe it to my mother.
It's too deep.
It's cold.
Emma's condition is dire.
These devils. they
found their way
into her core. her sinew.
So once we begin
tonight. we can't stop.
Because if we let up or
give the enemy time to mend.
we will lose her forever.
So if you need a
moment to rest. go.
If you need water.
food or fresh air.
take respite.
We must be resolute
because we are the ones
that stand in the breach.
And hold back the darkness.
Even if it means we
don't come back from it.
Attention Beelzebub.
and all manner of brutes
and hellions
tormenting this woman.
Cami...
In The name of the
Father and of the Son.
my little Camila...
and of the Holy Spirit.
Help me. please...
Let your mighty hand cast
him out of Your servant...
Grandma?
They are torturing me
So he may no longer hold...
Sister. do not listen.
Please help me.
I can't take it.
[in Spanish]
Grandma. forgive me.
Sister!
Jesus would never allow
my beautiful grandmother's voice
into a lying snake like you.
You won't fool me.
you vile beast!!!
Abandon your own grandmother?
You'll rot in hell. you
stupid fucking bitch!
Let go of me!
Help!
Their little cries.
I drowned them. one by one.
each one screamed
more than the last.
The sounds of their gasps
were like music in my ears.
And Jesus was laughing
right along with me.
Leave this servant of God!
And be gone!
Thank you. Reverend Mother.
Let your Sisters be cut.
bruised and degraded?
How could you let this happen?
You've destroyed their spirits.
Their spirits will
never be destroyed.
They're too strong for you.
Sister! What happened?
She was just... I don't know.
I never... she just
came across like a...
What happened? Where is she?
She's in the catacombs.
Tell everyone else to
get into their rooms.
Yes. Father.
What is happening?
Emma's escaped...
-Where did she go?
-The catacombs. I think...
Just go! Go!
I'll tell the sisters. Go!
Sisters. come!
Come quickly to my chambers!
Emma?
It's alright. It's alright.
Come. we'll be safer in here.
Come. quickly. Quickly.
Emma?
Ahh!
Father.
You have failed her.
Mother?
Yes. it's alright.
It's alright.
She's here.
I found her!
Emma?
Sister?
Where's Father Theophilus?
I. uh...
We found her!
She's here.
She's not breathing.
Father?
She's... I don't know.
Check for bleeding.
There's no sign of blood.
She's not breathing.
Her pulse is... is very faint.
No. no. She can't die.
She can't die.
Emma?
Emma speak to us.
Something is
blocking her breath.
We need to get her up.
Okay sister. we need more light.
Emma?
Wake up.
She already belongs to us!
Call to her.
It is through the
devil I speak now.
It is God himself
who commands you.
God the Father commands you.
God the Son commands you.
God the Holy Spirit
commands you.
It is He who commands you.
He who once stilled the sea
and the wind and the storm!
Hearken. therefore. and
tremble in fear. Satan.
you enemy of the faith.
you foe of the human race.
See the light.
Emma! See the light!
You corrupter of justice. you
root of all evil and vice;
you begetter of death.
you robber of life!
You are guilty.
before Almighty God.
guilty before His Son.
guilty before the
whole human race.
He who is coming to judge
both the living and the dead
and the world by fire!
Emma! Look at the light. Emma!
Depart. Jacob.
Depart. Mina.
Depart. Judas.
Betrayer of Jesus Christ!
Depart. Asmodeus. Sathanas.
Leviathan. Beelzebub.
And all Princes of Hell
within this servant of God.
depart!
Depart!
Emma... Don't let go.
Hear the voice of God.
Hear us.
Here.
Come. Come. be careful.
Our Father. who art in heaven.
hallowed be Thy name.
Thy kingdom come.
Thy will be done on
earth as it is in heaven.
Emma. Emma.
I have you. I have you.
Saint Michael the Archangel.
illustrious leader
of the heavenly army
defend us in the battle
against principalities
and powers against the rulers
of the world of darkness.
Holy Mary. Mother of
God pray for us sinners.
now and at the hour
of our death. Amen.
Behold the handmaid of the Lord:
Be it done unto me
according to Thy word.
We carry our prayers
up to God's throne
that the mercy of the
Lord may quickly come
and lay hold of the
Satan and his demons.
casting him into
chains. into the abyss.
so that he can no longer
seduce the nations.
He has cast you forth
into the outer darkness
where everlasting ruin awaits.
You are guilty before His
Son. our Lord Jesus Christ.
whom you dared to
nail to the cross.
You are guilty before
the whole human race.
to whom you proffered
by your enticements
the poisoned cup of death.
Therefore. I adjure
you. profligate dragon.
in the name of
the spotless Lamb.
to depart this woman
and to depart from
the church of God.
Emma?
Hi. Emma.
Emma.
Is it over?
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today